README.md, before:

# WhatsApp Sticker Exporter

Moving to a different messenger? You can use this script to download your (favourite) stickers!

### Recommendations before running this script.

- Change your download location to a special folder before running the script, so your downloads folder doesn't get filled with images. Instructions for: [Chrome](https://www.howtogeek.com/231002/how-to-change-the-chrome-download-folder-location/) [Firefox](https://www.howtogeek.com/260271/how-to-change-the-firefox-download-folder-location/)

### How to use

Be sure to read the *recommendations before running this script* above.

1. Create a new group chat in which you are going to send the stickers you want to export.

2. Send the stickers you want to export in the group chat you just made. If you want to, you can add some of your friends to send stickers too. :)

3. Open the group chat in WhatsApp Web via a browser. ([link](https://web.whatsapp.com)).

4. Scroll all the way to the top to make sure all stickers are loaded.

5. Copy the contents of [wase.js](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NoahvdAa/WhatsApp-Sticker-Exporter/master/wase.js) to your clipboard.

6. Open the developer tools of your browser, go to the console, paste the contents you copied into the console and press enter. After a while, logs will appear similar to this:

![Logs](images/logs.png)

Your stickers should now download as **.webp** files. This may take a while and the tab may appear frozen. When the process is finished, you can add all your images into a sticker maker of your choice, for example, the signal sticker maker.

![Exported Files](images/exported_files.png)

Commit message:

Add warning about download popups.

README.md, after:

# WhatsApp Sticker Exporter

Moving to a different messenger? You can use this script to download your (favourite) stickers!

### Recommendations before running this script.

- Change your download location to a special folder before running the script, so your downloads folder doesn't get filled with images. Instructions for: [Chrome](https://www.howtogeek.com/231002/how-to-change-the-chrome-download-folder-location/) [Firefox](https://www.howtogeek.com/260271/how-to-change-the-firefox-download-folder-location/)
- Some browsers, like Firefox, prompt you by default asking you if you want to save or open the download. I recommend you change this so that it automatically saves the files, so your browser does not open a lot of pop-ups. In Firefox you can do this by going to Settings, Applications, WebP image, Save File.

### How to use

Be sure to read the *recommendations before running this script* above.

1. Create a new group chat in which you are going to send the stickers you want to export.

2. Send the stickers you want to export in the group chat you just made. If you want to, you can add some of your friends to send stickers too. :)

3. Open the group chat in WhatsApp Web via a browser. ([link](https://web.whatsapp.com)).

4. Scroll all the way to the top to make sure all stickers are loaded.

5. Copy the contents of [wase.js](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NoahvdAa/WhatsApp-Sticker-Exporter/master/wase.js) to your clipboard.

6. Open the developer tools of your browser, go to the console, paste the contents you copied into the console and press enter. After a while, logs will appear similar to this:

![Logs](images/logs.png)

Your stickers should now download as **.webp** files. This may take a while and the tab may appear frozen. When the process is finished, you can add all your images into a sticker maker of your choice, for example, the signal sticker maker.

![Exported Files](images/exported_files.png)
